The main thing that I learned from this project is how to use React routing. Previously, all of my React experience was done in the context of each page showing a different view, and the routing was already set up for me, so I just needed to build the view. I really liked learning about how to set up the router data object and how to specify which components to show. It was useful to see how to structure children components as part of a specific path. I wouldn't have otherwise grasped how to then reference those children components from within the main component returned from the path using "Outlet", even though the reference was a couple of nested components away.

Then, I also learned more about the CSS grid, even though I didn't use it in my final version. I think the exposure to seeing how it worked just helped it sink in. In the end, I switched it to flexbox for more familiar responsive functionality, but I learned about the grid in order to translate it to flexbox correctly.

Finally, I learned a lot about how to structure a React app overall. This project had enough different functions and features that it could have easily resulted in a very complex structure and a single confusing component. Instead, following your code helped me learn how to structure component hierarchy, where to place state, and how to use tools like routing and transitions to make each component as simple as possible and fit in its place seamlessly. I used the principles I noticed in this project to improve my other React work.